Hello, people.
I hope that you all have went to the introduction, but also noted that the application will be warmer.
So if you have went through the introduction, then, you know, get an insight of what is going to
happen in this noted down application.
So now let us understand the wording of this application.
I have already told you that we will make this application and that July WP engine are ready and packaged.
So let us see how they work, I suppose, in this application that is upstream.
So then the same thing from the program that WP Library of Java.
Well, that is a class Lindsey three.
So yes, this is just the name of this application.
I am also anxious to see if this is the frame of the application.
Now let us see what other skin cancers suffer.
So in the headline, we have new application, not a bone.
So yes, not down shelves.
Now this is the type of application we can see that the new tax law, which we're building, are going
to be in this budget.
So, yes.
It contains a file button and a little button, and I'll help button.
So see the options inside the file.
We have a new open, so I and this option in there that we have copy this got select.
So we want the best we can do it by copying and pasting it, then even getting any part of the text
and then posting it is all just simply the moment.
And also, it contains a selection sensor so that we can select all the text and export data, whatever
we want with the single desk.
Also, it has a health option, which contains the bulk of this note that the other window, which we
have discussed in the introduction.
So it's like making this about option.
Yes.
So this is not about things now about window opens, often picking this button here.
So in the about option, we have the basic idea behind this application.
Like the name of the application and what it does not down to the word processing program, as we have
already discussed and allows us to test change the best of the competition like it has an introduction
similarly to open option also so we can open any file from our system.
And that's what the introduction by about 12 things about navigating the text in our competition.
Already existing file in our computer can be called noted down application also.
And of course, we can pick on text document from scratch.
Also, this will be arming the rebels to create documents, as I already said, so I've been making
this argument that this will be closed.
So yes, often.
So the about section I I hope you must have then and I doubt it.
Now, let us try and write something like if we create a new right.
So I suppose.
Hello, everyone.
Today we are going to learn Java.
So yes, I have found some random text.
Hello, everyone.
We are going through Jello.
So if we let's.
Yes, so from a little initial lock up, the option of the facility, some boxes everyone today and
copying it, and then slightly pasted to say yes.
Thanks.
Excuse me.
So if we try to select some text.
Copy and then try to pass the test says everyone today is copied from here and then tested again so
that adoption is working perfectly fine.
Now if you want to get something, so we have to select it like we want to get non-German.
So we firstly may have to select this click on the card.
So yes, it is correct now in Milan, the piece disappears in the next line.
So yes, we have got that number and now we want to make it.
So yes, we have pasted this successfully in the next name.
Now the other option C select on.
So selecting one.
With the help of my mouse, but now maybe this election with the help of this shark.
So yes, you can see that after getting the select all voted that on, all of the text in the notepad
is selected.
Now, supposing they want to cut, so yes, everything is cut, select the anchor.
So, yes, they did return, and it features are completely explain.
Now let us move to the final option.
So yes, if you want to open any file from our system, you may flick this open.
And yes, yes, it's done.
Five thousand.
Now close it.
Yes.
So if you want to save any fine, suppose you have to.
They can do everything.
OK, so say I want to save it.
I want you on the save button and open.
Yes, so I can save it in Senate and donate at any place.
So if my documents?
All right, everyone, listen.
This is a beautiful linking of the system and this not down application.
Next, we're going to learn.
So if I click on say yes, so this.
So if you have upgraded at best, you can also print this document and it will be turning a page or
whatever you want it to.
So yes, print option books also find.
Now that they have done all the functions of this application now creating a new opening of saving painting
now and then.
We are going to exit this operation.
So, yes.
Every second that we did the program successfully now trying to run this again.
So, yes, after exiting the program, we have a leader in the program and trying to throw some more
features of this application, so you can see that after every option, we have a shark attack.
Yes.
So we have a short code for creating a new file and open up the folder from our system, save them brain
stem and eggs.
So let's try to use the shark.
Next up, this right?
So there's no text and from your keyboard, click control.
See, and the text will be copied.
So, yes, cable shortcuts also find him.
So as you copy this and no change the line and try to paste it, so yes, from Contrave, I remember
to face this text again and again.
So I warn you how you want to text with the help of keyboard shortcuts or directly from the application
may have been the number.
OK, so this is the working of this note down application, and I hope you must be wondering how can
we make this application?
So we should start learning the code for this program and explore more about it.
One thing I also want to learn that we can also open.
Save, print and escape by pressing escapes.
We are looking for this Shakur's also have assumptions of that system.
Next up, one, if I want to save it, I will play gun control.
And yes, so it opens up your system as many want to see it.
Similarly, if I click like this, if I can't be.
Different option Pops Up says all the shortcuts have all attached to Christmas, so in the next part,
we are going to make a new job, offer this a project in our favorite compiler.
We just will go code and try to write this code for program noted down.
Thank you.
See you in the next class.